Misc updated to private prefetch proxy post for clarity (#5077)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/private-prefetch-proxy/index.md

### Traffic control {: #traffic }

> From past experiments, we know that this feature typically results in less than 2% extra requests for main resources (for example HTML documents). That said, if you are the cautious kind, you can use the traffic advice's fraction field to control how much Private Prefetch Proxy should let through. You can start with a small fraction such as 0.3 (that is, 30%), and gradually increase it to 1.0 (that is, 100%) by adding the following JSON to in an `/.well-known/traffic-advice` file, which needs to be served with `application/trafficadvice+json` MIME type:

Reviewer: "how much Private Prefetch proxy should let through" -> ".. how much *traffic the* Private Prefetch Proxy should let through."

"JSON to in an " -> "JSON to a ..."

"..served with `application..." -> ".. served with the..."

Author: ```suggestion
From past experiments, we know that this feature typically results in less than 2% extra requests for main resources (for example HTML documents). That said, if you are the cautious kind, you can use the traffic advice's fraction field to control how much traffic the Private Prefetch Proxy should let through. You can start with a small fraction such as 0.3 (that is, 30%), and gradually increase it to 1.0 (that is, 100%) by adding the following JSON to a `/.well-known/traffic-advice` file, which needs to be served with the `application/trafficadvice+json` MIME type:
```

> The `fraction` field gives you control over the prefetch traffic by specifying how much Private Prefetch Proxy should let through. The value is a float between 0.0 (no prefetch at all) and 1.0 (100% of the prefetch requests get through).

Reviewer: Up to you, but this sentence is a dupe from above and can probably be simplified by dropping the first sentence.

e.g., "The fraction field is a float between 0.0.."

Author: ```suggestion
The `fraction` field is a float between 0.0 (no prefetch at all) and 1.0 (100% of the prefetch requests get through).
```

It is also possible to disable this completely with the following configuration:

```json
[{
  "user_agent": "prefetch-proxy",
  "disallow": true
}]
```

> The `/.well-known/traffic-advice` file is not be checked for every private prefetch proxy request and will be cached as per the usual HTTP cache semantics. For more flexibility—for example, a sudden peak of heavy access—you may want to temporarily reject prefetch requests (`Sec-Purpose: prefetch;anonymous-client-ip`) with a 503 status code, and by setting the `Cache-Control: no-store` header on the response. You may also add the [`Retry-After`](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-6.6.4) header to tell Chrome how long to wait before retrying prefetch requests.

Reviewer: "The /.well-known/traffic-advice file is fetched by the proxy, not the client, and cached at the proxy per the usual HTTP cache semantics. "

Author: ```suggestion
The `/.well-known/traffic-advice` file is fetched by the proxy, not the client, and cached at the proxy per the usual HTTP cache semantics. For more flexibility—for example, a sudden peak of heavy access—you may want to temporarily reject prefetch requests (`Sec-Purpose: prefetch;anonymous-client-ip`) with a 503 status code, and by setting the `Cache-Control: no-store` header on the response. You may also add the [`Retry-After`](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-6.6.4) header to tell Chrome how long to wait before retrying prefetch requests.
```
